
*/ test


https://codepen.io/brittany-canty/pen/ZEbGzKv?editors=1000

1. What is Semantic HTML?  is the use of HTML markup to reinforce the semantics, or meaning, of the information in webpages and web applications rather than merely to define its presentation or loo
    2. What is HTML used for? defines the structure and layout of a Web document by using a variety of tags and attributes. 
    3. What is an attribute and where do we put it? link to the nav bar
    4. What is the h1 tag used for? How many times should I use it on a page? just once and its to be used as the main title so SEO can search 
    5. Name two tags that have required attributes? nav and address
    6. What do we put in the head of our HTML document?  div and header
    7. What is an id? The id attribute specifies a unique id for an HTML element
    8. What elements can I add an id to? The id attribute can be used on any HTML element.
    9. How many times can I use the same id on a page? ID can only be used once in any document.
    10. What is a class? The class attribute specifies one or more classnames for an element. The class attribute is mostly used to point to a class in a style sheet.
    11. What elements can I add a class to? div element with id="myDIV"
    12. How many times can I use the same class on a page? Classes can be used as many times as needed within a documen
    13. How do I get my link to open in a new tab?just add a target="_blank" attribute to your links
    14. What is the alt attribute in the image tag used for? The alt attribute provides alternative information for an image if a user for some reason cannot view it 
    15. How do I reference an id?<>
    16. What is the difference between a section and a div .The <section> tag defines sections in a document, such as chapters, headers, footers, or any other sections of the document. ... The <div> tag defines a division or a section in an HTML document
    17. What is CSS used for? CSS is the language for describing the presentation of Web pages, including colors, layout, and fonts
    18. How to we select an element? Example - every h2 on the page.. write a hash (#) character, followed by the id of the element.
    19. What is the difference between a class and an id? - Give me an example of when I might use each one...ID can be used to identify one element, whereas a class can be used to identify more than one
    20. How do we select classes in CSS?  write a period (.) character, followed by the name of the class.
    21. How do we select a p element with a single class of “human””?.p human{}
    22. What is a parent child selector? When would this be useful? The ("parent > child") selector selects all elements that are a direct child of the specified element when adding multiple items to the one class
    23. How do you select all links within a div with the class of sidebar?
    24. What is a pseudo selector?selects elements that are in a specific state, e.g. they are the first element of their type, or they are being hovered over by the mouse pointer.
    25. What do we use the change the spacing between lines?Use the line-height property in CSS to do so. 
    26. What do we use to change the spacing between letters?The letter-spacing property is used to specify the amount of space between letters
    27. What do we use to to change everything to CAPITALS? lowercase? Capitalize? The CSS text-transform Property
    28. How do I add a 1px border around my div that is dotted and black?
   border: 1px dotted black;

    29. How do I select everything on the page? *
    30. How do I write a comment in CSS?//
    31. How do I find out what file I am in, when I am using the command line? ls
    32. Using the command line - how do I see a list of files/folders in my current folder? ls
    33. How do I remove a file via the command line? Why do I have to be careful with this? del filename it could delete files you dont want 
    34. Why should I use version control? Version control helps teams solve these kinds of problems, tracking every individual change by each contributor and helping prevent concurrent work from conflicting.
    35. How often should I commit to github? as much as possible
    36. What is the command we would use to push our repo up to github? git push origin "name"
    37. Walk me through Lambda's git flow. 
    fork,add collab ,copy link, clone to folder ,
    add ,commit,push 
